WPi Designer Button Shortcode plugin is used to create beautiful buttons & Call to Action (CTA) Buttons. It has small designer studio where you can design or style elements using simple user interface. this plugin conists of below features.

1. Creating beautiful buttons.
2. Creating call-to-action buttons.
3. Creating reusable styles for buttons & CTA buttons.


Designer Studio Contains below features::

. Icons Collection.
. Styles collection which are professionally designed.
. Color Themes collection.
. Google Fonts collection.
. Given more importance to UI & UX in this plugin.
. Dynamic Help section for Plugin's guide and getting any support.

. 
Creating Buttons::

. You can apply styles to button from Styles collection or your own created styles.
. You can add any Icon from the Icons collection. 
. You can add link url to the button and also set new tab or new window for link.
. Once you create the button, you can use created button unlimited times and its easy to use anywhere in the wordpress using simple shortcode.
. Shortcode looks like [wpi_designer_button id=256]
. You can use the shortcode even without creating the button or style.
. User can also generate shortcode directly inside wordpress visual editor( TinyMCE).
. Please read plugin's documentation before creating any style or button. Its a best practice to read documentation first.
. Note:: In next version we will add more icons in icons collection.


. 


Creating Styles::

. you can create unlimited number of reusable styles for buttons.
. you can change the button's font from the fonts collection.
. you can change the button's Color.
. You can change the button's font-weight.
. You can change the space around the text inside button.
. You can add the shodow to the text inside button.
. You can add the shadow to the button.
. You can change the button shape like rectangle, little rounded rectangle, full rounded rectangle or circular(without button text).
. You can add the glow to the button with any color and from small size to big size glow.
. You can set the button icon from the Icons collection.
. You can set the button border with any color, any thickness and style like normal, dotted, double etc.
. You can set the texture from the texture collection.
. If you dont know the color codes then you can use colors from our color pallete with so many predefined colors.
. this plugin also consists of beauticul color themes collection for buttons.
. In next version of this plugin we will add more items in all collections like fonts, icons, preset styles etc.


Creating Call-To-Action (CTA) Buttons::

. Every call-to-action button contains Heading, Sub-heading, Button & Footer Text.
. You can create beauticul & awesome CTA buttons with small effort.
. You can select from professionally designed CTA buttons Styles from Styles collection.
. You can change the heading text font.
. You can change the heading text size.
. You can change the heading text color.
. You can change the heading text border.
. You can change the heading text border color.
. You can change the heading text background color.
. You can change the heading text top & bottom margin.
. You can change the heading text padding.
. above setting can be done on sub heading also with limited settings.
. We will update and add more styles to styles collection regularly.
. You can check latest Styles and its settings in plugin's website.
. In next version we will add Export & Import Styles settings. which is good feature to extend this plugin's power.
. You can also add multiple headings with ticker animation.

Note:: WE ARE DOING OUR BEST TO MAKE THIS PLUGIN PERFECT. If you face any problem in using this plugin or you need some more features or any support please dont hesitate to contact us. You can contact us from here.




